We've now got this import redirecting thing or file mocking, as it's referred to with just working.
So now we need to figure out how to write a fake implementation.
Let's take a look at a couple of diagrams and help you understand what I really mean by that.
So to write out a fake implementation, we really have to take a very deep look at our Nat's wrapper
file, the one inside of our CRC directory.
And we need to understand what this class right here does.
We need to understand what parts of it are used by other files that we are trying to test.
And then we're going to provide some fake implementation of just the parts that are expected to be implemented,
implemented by those other files.
So again, let me just show you a couple of diagrams.
Okay.
So we have our new ticket route handler.
That is what we are currently trying to test.
The new ticket route handler is going to import the Nats wrapper file.
Now, when it imports the real Nats wrapper file, it gets an object that looks like this, an object
that has an underscore client property that is of type stan or remember nats client.
It has a client property that gives us a Stan or Nats client and a connect function as well.
How do I know that is the object?
Well, we can just take a look at the real Nats wrapper file directly.
So here's the real Nats wrapper file inside of here.
We create a class, as you will recall, at the very bottom.
We create an instance of that class and then we export it as a named export of Nat's wrapper.
So what we eventually get inside of our new route handler is an instance of Nat's wrapper and an instance
of rats gnats wrapper has underscore client.
It has the get client and the connect function.
So we now need to now take a look at how the new ticket handler actually uses the properties inside
of this object.
Well, the new ticket route handler does not care about the underscore client property.
As a matter of fact, that client property, the underscore client property, is marked as private.
We cannot access that thing at all inside of our new ticket route.
HANDLER So that means we really don't care about it at all.
The new ticket handler also does not care about the Kinect function.
The Kinect function only gets invoked from the index file when our application is first starting up,
when we are trying to actually run it for real.
Not in a test environment.
And so that leaves just the client property.
This is the only property that our new ticket handler cares about.
And that means that this is the only property that we need to define inside of our little fake implementation.
Let's go into our fake implementation file right now and we're going to just define this client property
and we won't worry about assigning it a value just yet.
Okay.
So I'm going to find my underscore underscore box.
Here's my fake implementation file or the mock file.
And inside this object, I'm going to define that client property.
So we're going to come back and provide a value for it in just a moment.
But before we do, we're going to go through a very similar process where we figure out where this client
property is actually used, and we're then going to figure out how to fake that is implementation.
So we know that this client property is taken and provided to the ticket created publisher.
So we need to think about how the ticket creative publisher actually uses that client.
So let's go and take a look at the ticket created publisher implementation.
We can find that inside of our events.
Publishers Ticket Created.
Publisher File.
So here's the publisher.
You'll recall that this thing extends our base publisher class.
And so the ticket creative publisher doesn't really do anything with the client directly.
Instead, if we want to figure out how that client gets used, we need to go and take a little peek
at our base publisher class.
You'll recall that we implemented that inside of our common module.
So let's go back over to our common module very quickly and take a look at what that publisher really
does with the client.
All right, here's my common module.
Inside there is the CRC directory.
Inside there is events, and inside of that is base publisher TS.
So here's the base publisher.
Base publisher.
Expects to be provided that client property.
And then internally the only thing it actually does with it is call the clients, publish function.
When it calls the publish function, it's going to provide we're going to provide three arguments to
it.
This test subject some string ified data and a callback function.
Then the expectation is that this callback function is going to eventually be invoked by the client.
That is what the real client does.
The real client is going to eventually call the callback function to indicate that the publish is complete.
So with that in mind, a couple more diagrams.
Okay.
Sorry.
I should have showed you this one just a moment ago.
Purpose of this one was to just say we have our new ticket handler.
It imports the Nats wrapper, and the only thing that it cares about inside there is the client.
And the client gets passed off to the publisher.
We just discuss that.
So now inside of our base publisher, this thing takes the client.
It has a published function.
The base publisher has a published function.
And the bass publisher is going to try to invoke this client, publish and it's going to call it with
some subject data and a callback.
And the expectation is that that callback is going to be invoked after the event is successfully published.
So for us to continue to implement this kind of fake or mock class, we need to make sure.
That.
Let's go back to our block file really quickly.
We need to make sure that this client thing right here is an object that has a object function.
The public function needs to take in a subject that is a string data, that is a string and a callback
function.
And as soon as we receive that callback function, we should invoke it right away.
So we're going to do that right now.
So we're going to find client right here.
This needs to be an object.
It needs to have a publish function.
I'm going to define this as an arrow function like so.
And this published function needs to take in a subject that is a string data, that is a string and
a callback function.
That is a function.
And then the expectation is that inside this Polish function, we are going to call a callback right
away.
Okay.
And that is it.
If we run this code right now, our test for the new handler should pass.
But before we do, just want to make sure it's super crystal clear what is going on here, because this
is some confusing stuff there.
Just one more time to run through the entire setup.
We have built out this mock file.
When our tests are executed in the test environment, our new route handler hears the new handler is
going to import that fake or the mock nats wrapper file.
Out of that file, it's going to look for a named export of Nats wrapper.
So the new handler is going to get this whole object right here.
Then inside the new route handler, we're going to take that Nats wrapper object.
We're going to pull off the client property and we're going to provide it to the ticket created publisher.
So in other words, the ticket created publisher is going to receive.
Just this object right here.
That is the fake client we just put together.
So that little object, just this object with a published function, is going to show up inside of our
base publisher as client.
The bass publisher is going to take that client, assign it to the this client property.
And then at some point in time, our handler is going to call this publish function right here to try
to publish some event.
Internally.
This thing is going to create a new promise and return it.
And inside that promise, it's going to access this client publish, this client publish.
That is the basic function we just put together right here.
That is what is actually going to get executed.
So it's going to call this client, publish, provide the subject, provide the data and this callback
function.
And then we want to make sure that the callback function gets executed right away so that the overall
promise gets resolved.
And that's why inside of our fake implementation right here, we receive the subject, the data and
the callback function.
And then inside all we did was all the callback as soon as we possibly could.
Okay.
So let's save all this.
We're going to go back over to our terminal and now we'll see that our new test root handler has all
of its test passing.
That looks pretty great.
If we try to run all of our tests now, so if I do a W to see the watch menu, I can then press a on
my keyboard to run all tests.
They'll do that.
And we are going to see still a lot of tests failing.
Here we go.
So still a lot of test failing.
The reason for that is that we now have.
You might recall inside of our new test file, we have told the new test file or just to try to mock
that file, but we have other test files that do not have the same mock statement.
So we have to go around to our other test files and tell all of our other tests.
Hey, if you ever tried to import the net's wrapper file instead, do a redirect.
Get this other fake file.
So let's take a pause right here and copy paste that thing around in just a moment.